c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\obj\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.exe.config
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.exe
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.pdb
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\BarsGroup.CodeGuard.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\CodeProject.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\LightInject.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\PommaLabs.Thrower.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\TelegramClient.Core.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\TelegramClient.Entities.dll
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\CodeProject.ObjectPool.pdb
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\CodeProject.ObjectPool.xml
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\LightInject.pdb
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\LightInject.xml
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\PommaLabs.Thrower.pdb
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\PommaLabs.Thrower.xml
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\obj\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.exe
c:\users\dmitrii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeleWithVictorApi\TeleWithVictorApi\obj\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.pdb
C:\Users\talni\Source\Repos\Console_Telegram2\Console_Telegram\TeleWithVictorApi\bin\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.exe.config
C:\Users\talni\Source\Repos\Console_Telegram2\Console_Telegram\TeleWithVictorApi\obj\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.exe
C:\Users\talni\Source\Repos\Console_Telegram2\Console_Telegram\TeleWithVictorApi\obj\Debug\TeleWithVictorApi.pdb
